Update documentation to recommend DQL over QueryBuilder when possible (#7880)
doctrine/doctrine2: docs/en/reference/query-builder.rst

This means that you can change between one methodology to the other
as you want, or just pick a preferred one.

.. note::

    The ``QueryBuilder`` is not an abstraction of DQL, but merely a tool to dynamically build it.

>     You should still use plain DQL when you can, as it is simpler and more readable.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
    Dynamically built DQL queries usually are the exception though, not
    the rule. For the majority of queries that do not need to change
    based on some condition, you should default to using DQL strings,
    because Doctrine would always build a DQL string behind the scenes
    anyway, and because it is simpler and more readable.
```

Author: While your text is fine, I'm hesitant because I don't want to over-explain it, because then people might not read it or read it and fail to get the point. Maybe I can add this to the FAQ part instead, because I don't think people will have the required attention span here. IMHO it's better to write "just STFU and do this because it's better" here, which is what most people want to read in the documentation. And for people who really want to know why or settle a debate between developer gurus, there is the FAQ.

Reviewer 2: Agree, the explanation is fine, but going straightforward and appending `For more details, go there(FAQ link)`

Reviewer 3: You might also put a link to the section of the faq into this note.

Author: Actually your text didn't fit well with my paragraph in the FAQ so I wrote it differently.
@greg0ire please tell me if the new paragraph in the FAQ covers your point.

High level API methods
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The simplest way to build a dynamic query with the ``QueryBuilder`` is by taking

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The most straightforward way to build a dynamic query with the ``QueryBuilder`` is by taking
```

I try as much as possible to avoid the word "simple", because nothing we do is _actually_ simple, and it depends on the point of view 😄

Author: To be fair, "simplest" does not imply simple: the simplest way to build a spaceship is not simple 😆 but I see your point

Reviewer 3: Still "simple" and "simplest" suggest an easy to understand method. I try to avoid words like "simple" or "then you ONLY need to".

       ->orderBy('u.name', 'ASC');

``QueryBuilder`` helper methods are considered the standard way to
use the ``QueryBuilder``. The ``$qb->expr()->*`` methods can help you

> build conditional expressions dynamically. Here is a converted example 8 to

Reviewer 3: The examples aren't counted. Does it make sense to call it "converted example 8" and can we remove the number from the docs?

Author: I didn't want to change this part of the sentence as it wasn't in the scope of the PR, but yes, these example numbers are confusing, I don't even know where/how to find the so called "example 8". Maybe something that existed before and was removed at some point?

Reviewer 3: Let's keep this for another PR in the future. :-)
